c:\users\denys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL.dll
c:\users\denys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL.pdb
c:\users\denys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\obj\Debug\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\denys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\obj\Debug\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL.dll
c:\users\denys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\obj\Debug\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL.pdb
c:\users\denys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL.dll.config
c:\users\denys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.dll
c:\users\denys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_DAL.dll
c:\users\denys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
c:\users\denys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_DAL.pdb
c:\users\denys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.xml
c:\users\denys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
c:\Users\Denys\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Denys\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\Denys\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Denys\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\Denys\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\Denys\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\Users\Denys\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\Users\Denys\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\Denys\Desktop\Epam\Epam_Homeworks\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL.dll.config
C:\Users\Denys\Desktop\Epam\Epam_Homeworks\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL.dll
C:\Users\Denys\Desktop\Epam\Epam_Homeworks\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL.pdb
C:\Users\Denys\Desktop\Epam\Epam_Homeworks\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.dll
C:\Users\Denys\Desktop\Epam\Epam_Homeworks\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Denys\Desktop\Epam\Epam_Homeworks\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Denys\Desktop\Epam\Epam_Homeworks\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_DAL.dll
C:\Users\Denys\Desktop\Epam\Epam_Homeworks\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Denys\Desktop\Epam\Epam_Homeworks\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\Denys\Desktop\Epam\Epam_Homeworks\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\Denys\Desktop\Epam\Epam_Homeworks\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\Denys\Desktop\Epam\Epam_Homeworks\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_DAL.pdb
C:\Users\Denys\Desktop\Epam\Epam_Homeworks\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.xml
C:\Users\Denys\Desktop\Epam\Epam_Homeworks\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Denys\Desktop\Epam\Epam_Homeworks\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Denys\Desktop\Epam\Epam_Homeworks\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\Denys\Desktop\Epam\Epam_Homeworks\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\Denys\Desktop\Epam\Epam_Homeworks\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\obj\Debug\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Denys\Desktop\Epam\Epam_Homeworks\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\obj\Debug\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL.dll
C:\Users\Denys\Desktop\Epam\Epam_Homeworks\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\obj\Debug\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL.pdb
C:\Users\Denys\Desktop\Epam_Homeworks_ByAleksieiev-master\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL.dll.config
C:\Users\Denys\Desktop\Epam_Homeworks_ByAleksieiev-master\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL.dll
C:\Users\Denys\Desktop\Epam_Homeworks_ByAleksieiev-master\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL.pdb
C:\Users\Denys\Desktop\Epam_Homeworks_ByAleksieiev-master\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.dll
C:\Users\Denys\Desktop\Epam_Homeworks_ByAleksieiev-master\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Denys\Desktop\Epam_Homeworks_ByAleksieiev-master\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Denys\Desktop\Epam_Homeworks_ByAleksieiev-master\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_DAL.dll
C:\Users\Denys\Desktop\Epam_Homeworks_ByAleksieiev-master\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Denys\Desktop\Epam_Homeworks_ByAleksieiev-master\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\Denys\Desktop\Epam_Homeworks_ByAleksieiev-master\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\Denys\Desktop\Epam_Homeworks_ByAleksieiev-master\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\Denys\Desktop\Epam_Homeworks_ByAleksieiev-master\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_DAL.pdb
C:\Users\Denys\Desktop\Epam_Homeworks_ByAleksieiev-master\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.xml
C:\Users\Denys\Desktop\Epam_Homeworks_ByAleksieiev-master\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Denys\Desktop\Epam_Homeworks_ByAleksieiev-master\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Denys\Desktop\Epam_Homeworks_ByAleksieiev-master\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\Denys\Desktop\Epam_Homeworks_ByAleksieiev-master\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\Denys\Desktop\Epam_Homeworks_ByAleksieiev-master\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\obj\Debug\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Denys\Desktop\Epam_Homeworks_ByAleksieiev-master\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\obj\Debug\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL.dll
C:\Users\Denys\Desktop\Epam_Homeworks_ByAleksieiev-master\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\obj\Debug\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL.pdb
C:\Users\Denys\Desktop\Epam\Epam_Homeworks\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\OnlineGameStoreDatabase.mdf
C:\Users\Denys\Desktop\Epam\Epam_Homeworks\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev\Epam_MVCTask1_ByAleksieiev_BLL\bin\Debug\OnlineGameStoreDatabase_log.ldf
